Hello, because he is welcome to work of the EKD Alternative Iceberg lays in
a bathing accident he 16
now plans to get the acquisition of a cone of episode 15 but are gaining
that we remain one on the subject of Growth Fund
In 1980 he seemed to have a team year back in the game
the OK OK Modern was the 19 95 times could be hung up and that good
Find
there is talk of two loans if necessary
had calculated absolutely well
the good piece appeared
also with us in Germany
and he was also very pleased then very popular
I would say I stop
to talk and we'll look at the good piece at the end of the show
has such a small surprise
a piece from my collection is something special engraved
So always was
Here we see in the OPEC from Spain
at the Argentina so in the the final price series appeared dipped in the
Most Imperva in the prospect no longer ask for but first IPOs
Here we see a famous German brochure
also a Jedi brochure
her an advertisement from the year 1980
then you can see the ATSE
here a little one of each the catalog
also for the ATSE
As always, I start with the first box here is the Embraer Box from the year
her the right side
move here
this one
clearly no label recognize 19 o'clock 82
the left side and the back side were identical
here we do not go to the boxhorn pauli-tor
except for the movie title
and always lettering
Sense the two boxes of Embraer and the absolutely identical
Here we see the European idea box with the one in Domo deep
because you had a lot of customers in Germany
here also with German lettering
Here we see the content of an original packaging Iglesias
Especially interesting are the ones in the boxes
Here we see him Kadir arch
Here we see bags with the many small parts
and see here how the instructions for use
and we see and the good piece
Here we see the head of the Arts Theis
where the cockpit is at the same time
the cockpit
for it first went over each one cannon
At the top it has a wobmann seemed to guarantee
and at the cockpit
over a double-barreled cannon
The cockpit comes in two ways
once the combo ca
and as a second option
you grab the whole roof off the hook
the cockpit Burgplatz for a figure
nine rooms 82 you had to decide one or two seats
Since it was not known how the crew of the ADFC had decided it was
the single-seater
In 1986, as part of a new series of ZTE from the ADFC as
Design two-seater
behind the cockpit they save failed
Moved around in this world you could let the little one go
press the button and move the two
Finally, let's look at some details
Finally, I want to show you briefly what we practice a few years ago way
has gone
one of the BBC
we saw a nightmare
the figures probably still put screws
Let's make a little flight around the merry ones
as soon as the owner of the rights page with whom we then work in youth work
society
especially the display in the end she does not because with the beautiful woman I have to
put an end to it now
when you've talked about everything about the cast made in this
senses
what wonder the best dairy market I have hunger Chelsea started Dr
First of all the welcome to Platzeck today Murks area of
Look into my collection because the normal way would come
so after the yes from the last episode no one from the coming here worldwide
the number one
power
Plaintiff is with you also really nice and cold like here
the files
then I would say
Hello friends, welcome to be the work of EKD Heinzelmännchen
Field of look into my collection case money 16
back also the culprit
the summit